hello youtubers gel 397 here and I
thought I'd make a quick video on an
update these are my new probably
improved filmmaking crops so i'll start
off with the desert eagle I painted it
full black now give me a second here you
go it's all black I mean you should be
clear and then I'm finally brought some
spray paint still functions as a airsoft
gun everything still moves an odd say
that still lose um I didn't paint this
black um just cuz it would interfere
with the slide so I just left it alone
oh yes if it works and then I painted
both of the clips black as you can see
then there's one more in here on this is
actually the better one this one is all
smooth on the first clip I did I
actually painted too many coats and this
is all I had a scratch off some of the
paint so this still look the same can't
really tell but yeah well this one's a
bit shinier and smoother so go and put
that so put that aside and ask for this
one this is like a wooden gun that you
build um I went to Knott's Berry Farm
couple weeks ago and on my side so I
decided I'd buy it on you build it
yourself like for example this whole
clip is would I just painted over it
and uh here sorry for the camera moving
so much I don't have any tripod but yeah
it's all wood on the trigger moves but
it doesn't like bounce back the bolt
doesn't go back but yeah that's some
pretty cool sites so yeah I just painted
it black on you can actually buy this
from a website called laser models com
this the S is laser is spelled with a Z
I think how that's normally spelled but
ya laser' models com search it up on
google they have it on their website for
25 bucks but yeah you have to build like
everything and I mean everything like
each each one of these is layers as you
can see just layers of building and from
here to here there's about 50 pieces of
wood um they'll split but yeah you can
probably see the lines yeah that's that
um you guys all remember here's the
Rambo knife that i made in part one but
painted it black added a few changes so
yeah I made it kind of look shiny so if
i use it in a prop Oh kind of like shine
back like as I it was a real knife
deflecting lighter stuff like that but
then I don't know got guys don't know
how and probably this like the longest
thing that I worked on as it was made
out of hardened paper um to make harden
paper you skip paper and fold in half
and then unfold it and then put glue on
half of it spread it and then fold it
and wait for it to dry and yeah the more
you do that now hiring the paper gets
this is 12 layers of paper and ya can
I in part 1 it wasn't cut out and it was
white so yeah finally cut it out I I
totally forgot to cut it out when the
glue wasn't dry that would have been a
bit smarter but uh yeah I totally forgot
about it so I had to wait till it a
dried and then use like a hacksaw but
yeah this is a the modern warfare 2 & 3
throwing knife looks pretty cool this is
just like shoelace I just wrapped around
so you can hold it like this i guess but
uh this feels a lot better but yeah I I
try to make it close to the modern
warfare oh my i added that hole which
was a very hard to cut um you can see
it's still not perfect but whatever I
still like it that was pretty cool so
you can go like this see if I can get
the camera but yeah so that's basically
it I got Desert Eagle two clips airsoft
Rambo knife modern warfare throwing
knife and this is called the AP nine but
yeah those are all my props that I use
or will you soon and so yeah peace out
guys